# Meta
- **Programming language:** Haskell, GHC version 8.10.7

# Challenge
- **Write a function or routine that returns the n first terms of the Fibonacci sequence**
- **Write a function or routine that returns the nth term of the Fibonacci sequence**
- **Write a function or routine that returns the sum of the n first terms of the Fibonacci sequence**

## Background

The Fibonacci sequence family is a set of mathematical sequences, each term in them is found by summing the previous two terms. Amongst them, the most famous (often called *the* Fibonacci sequence) is generated by starting with 0 and 1.
# Solutions to the challenge

## First n terms of the Fibonacci sequence

### fibonacciInfinite 

This function generates the infinite Fibonacci sequence, we take advantage of Haskell's lazy evaluation
to generate as many terms as we need once its called.

### fibonacciSeries

We call the previous function with an integer argument that stores how many terms ofthe Fibonacci sequence we want on our list. Each term is calculated recursively, instead of from previously stored values, so we incur some computational time penalty in exchange for code elegance and brevity.

## nth term of the Fibonacci sequence

### fibonacciTerm

This function takes an integar argument that stores the index of the term we require on an infinite list that sotres the Fibonacci sequence, and returns that term. The term is calculated recursively, with the seed (0,1).

## Sum of the n first terms of the Fibonacci sequence

### fibonacciSum

Instead of reinventing the wheel, we use the built in sum function in Haskell and call fibonacciSeries.

# Comments

We only use pattern matching for fibonacciInfinite and fibonacciTerm, since type safety of these functions assures type safety of those built using them.